This project consists of two programs that work together: tracer and reaper.
reaper should not be used by the user and is only for internal use by tracer.
tracer will try to search for reaper in

    (1) $PATH
    (2) The working directory

The reaper is used by the tracer to detect orphaned processes. It configures
itself as a subreaper process (see the man page for the prctl system call).

The program can be used to generate the fork diagram resulting from a program
in one go. E.g., via:

    tracer <program> [args...]

If tracer is given no arguments, then it starts up in command line mode. You
can type "help" to see a list of available commands. Features include:

    (1) Being able to run and stop the process tree.
    (2) Being able to step through one level at a time.
    (3) Being able to view the diagram in a scrollable curses view.

There are some bugs and issues, especially with the scrollable view. I think
there are a few race issues and other dodgy aspects too that I might try to
resolve in the future if I ever find the time and interest to revisit this.
For now I'm happy with the progress and proof-of-concept and will leave this.

Source files:

    tracer

        command.cpp
        command.h
        diagram.cpp
        diagram.h
        event.cpp
        event.h
        main.cpp
        process.cpp
        process.h
        syscalls.h
        system.cpp
        system.h
        terminal.cpp
        terminal.h
        tracee.cpp
        tracee.h
        tracer.cpp
        tracer.h
        util.cpp
        util.h

    reaper

        reaper.c

    example

        example.c
        forktrace.h

The header file "forktrace.h" used by the example program does some hackery
so that certain syscalls are redefined so that they provide tracer with source
line location information. This is done by calling a dummy syscall and giving
it the information as arguments. tracer then catches this syscall and retrieves
the source location info from it. This is MUCH easier to implement than what
gdb does, but requires the program to be specially compiled. "forktrace.h" is
intended to be able to be used with any program. Just include it into the files
where you want those syscalls defined by it to be traced.
